For prepaid reservations Advantage accepts the following forms of payments: American Express /Mastercard /Discover /Visa /Bankamericard /Optima Amex. Credit cards must have the available credit for the estimated amount of rental charges plus up to $350 in order to secure the rental. Please note that at the time of rental you will need to present 1) a current driver license and 2) a valid credit or charge card in the renter’s name.


All rentals are subject to Advantage Rent A Car standard terms and conditions of the Advantage Rent A Car Rental Agreement in effect at time and place of rental. Prepaid rates are subject to availability. This program is only available at participating cities/locations. Standard rental qualifications and rental period restrictions apply.


A Pay Now reservation may be paid for by a person other than the renter. The reservation should be made in the renter’s name. The name on all rental credentials (license and credit card) presented at the time of rental must match the name on the reservation. If the names do not match, for security purposes the prepaid reservation must be cancelled and a new reservation made at prevailing rates. In addition, the name may not be changed after reservation confirmation.


A valid driver license and credit card (both in the renter’s name) must be presented at the time of rental to cover any reasonably anticipated charges that have not been included in the Pay Now voucher. A prepaid charge card is not an acceptable credential.


Pay Now rates are only available for reservations booked online at Advantage.com. Rental days are based on 24-hour periods commencing at time of pick-up. Additional days will apply if the rental is kept longer than specified and will be billed at a higher rate. When you pay in advance for your qualified reservation, your prepaid discount will automatically be applied to your rate. Prepaid rates cannot be combined with any other promotional offer. Fees or surcharges may be applied at time of rental. Voluntary upgrades will be charged at locally applicable rates. Your total rental rate is calculated based on the information provided at time of reservation. Approximate rental charges are based on available information at the time of reservation for renters age 25 and older. For renters under age 25 an additional daily age differential charge may apply. For minimum age requirements please see "Location Specific Information" or the "Terms and Conditions" on your rental contract.


To release the car to you at time of pick-up all rental terms and conditions must be met, regardless of your original prepayment. You will have a hold put on your credit card at the time of rental for any additional estimated charges plus up to a $200 deposit.


Upon returning the vehicle, Advantage Rent A Car will process a release of the unused portion of the hold subject to your bank’s procedure. This hold may take up to 7 business days to be released by your bank. If you fail to return the vehicle as agreed, Advantage Rent A Car will obtain additional authorizations from your account to cover the rental charges. Advantage Rent A Car is not responsible for any returned checks or overdrafts based on this policy. Extensions or late returns result in additional charges.


Cancellation fees apply for prepaid reservations. No refunds or credits for unused rental days. If the prepaid reservation is cancelled any time prior to 24 hours of pick-up time, a $50 fee will be assessed. If you do not cancel the reservation within 24 hours of the scheduled pick-up time or if the rental vehicle is not picked up by the close of business on the arrival date listed on the confirmation email, the entire prepaid amount will be forfeited. Cancellation requests must be made at Advantage.com. In order to cancel a prepaid reservation, click here and fill out the form to retrieve your reservation. Click on view or modify reservation. After retrieving your reservation, click the cancel button. You will receive an email confirming the cancellation. Pay Now reservations cannot be modified.
